---
id: aido4zy0ccmd39fdaewzkpb
title: '2022-04-12'
desc: ''
updated: 1649729412886
created: 1649725462384
traitIds:
  - journalNote
documentId: 1h7bb2HsN1tJczMsAPTsZobGIaffi0IA0YjH7-fKlE0o
revisionId: >-
  ALm37BXCW-eHJy56RO2dyzryCZz4L6fyDHipMcLHrLUVIAUIHVvIb3phdtHlLn9B7dEnpgdV6PH_HuAsNlmsJw
---

## Agenda
- catchup
- general updates
- product updates
- focus updates
- discussions

## General 
- meeting minutes are now in community vault and will be available publically
  - end of the meeting, we'll sync gdoc with note
- team changes
  - derek leaving
  - jerry (head of growth) joining
  - we'll be onboarding a full time product manager later this month

## Product
- last month, the team focus was on performance and stability
- this month, we're focusing on onboarding (making it easier to accomplish common use cases, eg. todos, meetings, journals)
- roll out self contained vaults, will start rolling out generally next week

## Focus

### Events
- postponed greenhouse last month, greenhouse this month will be on publishing workflows

### Issues
- two more crop votes, one shipped crop and one WIP

### Docs
- v90 link update will make cross-linking across vaults easier when publishing and exporting

### Contributors
- uptick in users interested in contributing and addition of contib

### Garden Steward
- some updates to pkm.dendron

## Discussion 
- what would you like to see from the team, process wise? (especially since we'll be having a pm very soon)
  - some initiatives we're thiking about
    - public road map
    - public issues list (frequently brought up questions on discord)
    - more structure for focus areas (eg. milestones and deliverables)
- any issues we should be focusing more attention on?
- anything else
